---
Layout: post
title: 2021-10-04
date: 2021-10-04 00:00:00 +0700
---

Yesterday at night I binge-watched first season of "Violet
Evergraden". I related to the hero of the move - Violet. Without
spoilers, she is looking for someone who can give her directions. She
does not know what to do by herself, and also she is trying to
understand what is love - what does love mean. Lately, I feel I cannot
feel love anymore. The world fells gray without love. I watched some
pictures yesterday with my daughter, and it reminded me how my life
used to be, it feels like it was more colorful, and I was
happier. Also, Violet face is always emotionless, and I lately don't
laugh or even smile too much.

It looks like I lost in my life. I know I want to be happy and making
games makes me happy. I just finished a Ludum Dare jam, and it was
fun. I am making games, but it does not feel like a permanent
solution, and I am not happy with the outcome. I am doing game
development in between of my life. Even I am working in the AAA game
studio mostly it is not a game development. A lot of things are not
related to the game play and a lot of things are not related to
programming at all. Zero art as I hired as a software engineer. And
lately I do not have too much time to do my side project/s. Plus
couple of months ago I hit a wall, I did not feel good - health-wise,
did not have energy and motivation to do anything. I figured, I did
not have enough exercise, and it affected my health. So I started 1.5
hours walks every day, and it is quite big part of the day. Walks are
helping with my health. But I have less time to make game, and again I
am not sure if it is correct directions. I love making game, but I
cannot see how I can make money and sustain my life and my family.

There is another consideration I mentioned in the previous post about
getting older.

Doing a million things at a time makes me feel very productive, but I
am not making progress. I want to be able focus on one thing and be
happy with it.

Even with my game projects. I have Ordy and had 2 game jams in the
past. And I am thinking maybe it would be good strategy money-wise
making very, very small games on the web.
