---
Layout: post
title: Clatter Quest (part 2)
date: 2021-06-02 00:00:00 +0700
---

# Clatter quest

* clatter component
* remove clatter on interaction
* update quest stat
* jump and interact
* subscription to interact

Working on the clatter quest. The hero cannot get out from the
apartment because the entrance to the apartment is
clattered. Everybody can levitate people started using windows instead
of doors.

I implemented some initial clatter disappearance animation. It flies
in the spiral and after two seconds getting destroyed.

I added jump and triggering interaction on left mouse click.

So for the quest system I have an idea on every significant event
generate the signal. And make quests to subscribe to this signal. In
the clatter quest I made an interact signal and implemented
subscription. In the quest player has to collect 5/5 clattered items.

I implemented completed event and make the barrier disappear after
quest is completed.

To be able to do this, I implemented Event class. I could use UE4
delegate system, but UE4 implementation of delegate system is very
confusing.

I updated `addQuest()` function to return added quest if it added or
return nullptr. This allows my add as many quests as I want
without re-implementing again and again check for if quest already
added.

I started a dialog system. I need a player to be able to communicate
with NPCs. I needed a class derived from `UUserWidget` and implement
`IUserObjectListEntry` interface.

I started working on NPC Jane and started working on telepathy
quest. This is the idea of the quest. The player goes to Jane, clicks
on her, dialog pops and player clicks on the dialog line: "Session to
restore telepathy -$450". Quest is getting marked as completed, the
players gets the telepathy ability and $450 is getting deducted from
his/her account.

The hero will have the quest to get back telepathy ability back. To
do this, the hero has to go to NPC Jane therapist. She will hypnotize
the hero and return to him/her telepathy ability. Without this
ability the hero would not be able to communicate with anyone.

I created enumeration type to list all abilities in the game.

TODO: drop some loot.

